Park Bench Acquisition
=========

OVERVIEW

Create your project in a public repository on github.com, and invite Park Bench developers as collaborators on
that repository. Your changes should be committed to the 'develop' branch and pull requests should be opened on
the repository's master branch.

FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS

The main requirement of this project is to consume data from a web based API, then display it in an interesting manner.
Here are some examples of interesting web based APIs:

    • HackerNews API: http://api.ihackernews.com/
    • Github API: http://developer.github.com/v3/
    • Reddit: http://www.reddit.com/dev/api
    • Punch Fork Recipe API: http://punchfork.com/api

These are merely a few examples and by no means the only APIs for the project. Find an API that suits your
interest to keep this project fun.

TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS

Specific technology areas we'd like to see are:

    • Ruby on Rails
    • Authentication, e.g., Devise
    • Paging, e.g., will_paginate
    • User Interface, e.g., Bootstrap
    • Unit tests, e.g., RSpec

Solution
----

Used gems

    • devise
    • will_paginate
    • foundation
    • unirest
    • webmock
    • rspec_rails
    • factory_girl_rails
    • capybara

* Have used a number API that return interesting facts against a given number.
* unirest has been used for making API calls and stored the response inside the database.
* Have used will_paginate gem for pagination.
* Feature tests have been written for user login, sign up and for searching number fact.